this alpha male lion seems to have it
made few animals would dare mess with
such a powerful predator he is master of
a territory that includes prides of
females and their cubs the females will
accept him as their maid and protect her
until another more powerful male pushes
him off this throne for this lion it's
just a matter of time a pair of nomadic
males has set their sights on his
females the only way for these male
lions to mate is to conquer the dominant
males territory if they succeed they'll
likely kill the Cubs and other young
males he may have sired but this old
general doesn't plan to surrender
this time he vanquishes his rivals but
eventually there will be more for a lion
king there is no such thing as
retirement he must fight for his throne
or be cast aside and typically his reign
will last no more than two or three
years